revamp l3 (#58)
SOP-MINI/sop-site: content/sop1/lab/l3/_index.en.md

The second argument is for attributes. It can be left NULL to use the default attributes. (See `man 3p pthread_attr_destroy` and `man -k pthread_attr_set` for additional info)

When creating a thread, you have to supply a function pointer to a function of the following signature:

```
void *function(void *args);
```

This function is the function that will be executed by the newly created thread. You pass the arguments to the function via the last argument `arg`.

In C, a `void*` is a pointer to anything. You can not use it without casting to another type, e.g `int*`.

`pthread_t` is implementation defined and should be treated as such. (i.e you can't use it like an integer)

More information:
```
man 3p pthread_create
```

### Thread Joining
Much like child processes, a thread should also be collected after it finishes it's work. This can be achieved using the `pthread_join` command.

```
int pthread_join(pthread_t thread, void **value_ptr);
```

Like `pthread_create`, this function returns an integer for the purpose of differentiating success from failure. The function's return value is written to `value_ptr`.

> Unlike with processes, you can't join on any finished thread. You have to pass a valid thread's handle to `pthread_join`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike with processes, you have to precisely specify which thread you're waiting for by providing a valid thread identifier.
```
